---
id: 747
title: 'I&#8217;m Back!'
date: 2013-02-24T11:04:35-06:00
author: Matt
layout: post
guid: http://maprantala.com/?p=747
permalink: /2013/02/24/im-back/
publicize_twitter_user:
  - MapRantala
categories:
  - Career
---
Ok, it has been to long since I last posted and I thank those few people who asked If I had suffered a Segmentation Violation or something.

By means of a brief explanation, I changed jobs last summer, going back to a previous employer in a very different role than what I&#8217;ve ever had before. It was a challenging and difficult and one that I had minimal success at but, in the end, didn&#8217;t work out. Mostly because I wasn&#8217;t a good fit for a variety of reasons including, not surprisingly, geography!  I was mostly tele-commuting because the office was two hours away. I really needed to be in the office more than I was and I wasn&#8217;t in a position to relocate.

During my time with that employer I was doing less technical stuff and just did not feel the urgency to be blogging.

I&#8217;ve left that job (which was very hard to do because I felt like I was abandoning friends) and have a short-term gig with the employer I left in the summer which will be almost entirely technical work, so I hope to crank out some more technical blog posts.

Also, I&#8217;m hoping to shift my career focus somewhat. I&#8217;ve been somewhat stuck as a desktop guy&#8211;developing mostly desktop applications.  I&#8217;ve wanted to do more web development stuff but never made the switch. I&#8217;m hoping to build my web skills in the short-term and have been cramming on topics like Java, HTML5, CSS, Map Server, Geo Server, php, jQuery, and anything else that might enhance my web-abilities.

So expect some changes to the blog and I thank everyone who comes to the blog, while the numbers aren&#8217;t huge, I am still surprised at how many people find their way here.